
Student Hand Produced Extractive Summaries
------------------------------------------

Authored by: Students on Steve Renals' NLSSD course at the University
  of Edinburgh
Quality: unknown
Added to the corpus by: Jonathan Kilgour
Date: 08/05/2004

These hand-extracted summary files contain data produced by students
and we make no claim as to the quality of this data. Each student has
a subdirectory containing their summaries. There are 23 summary files
in all, these observations being summarized by one student: Bed004,
Bed011, Bmr002, Bmr005, Bmr007, Bmr008, Bmr009, Bmr010, Bmr010,
Bmr011, Bmr012, Bmr013; and these being summarized by two: Bmr014,
Bmr018, Bmr021, Bmr022, Bmr024, Bmr025.


Using this data in NXT
----------------------

To use individual summaries, copy the appropriate data into your main
ICSI meeting data directory and add this to the 'interaction-codings'
section of your metadata file (normally called ICSI-metadata.xml):

   <coding-file name="summary">
      <structural-layer name="extract-layer" points-to="dialogue-acts-layer">
         <code name="summary"/>
      </structural-layer>
   </coding-file>

You will find that applications now load this data and it can be
searched.

If you want to load two student summaries of the same meeting you will
need to add this fragment to the 'interaction-codings' section of your
metadata file:

   <coding-file name="summary">
      <structural-layer name="extract-layer" points-to="dialogue-acts-layer">
         <code name="summary"/>
      </structural-layer>
   </coding-file>

   <coding-file name="summary2">
      <structural-layer name="extract2-layer" points-to="dialogue-acts-layer">
         <code name="summary2"/>
      </structural-layer>
   </coding-file>

You can copy one student's summary directly into the ICSI meeting data
directory, but you will have to edit the other and rename it
<observation-name>.summary2.xml (e.g. Bmr002.summary2.xml). The edit
will simply involve changing the 'summary' start and end tag to
'summary2'.

There is a display available that will show one or two summaries
alongside the un-summarized data. Look in the Tools section of the CVS
repository - the program is called ICSISummaryDisplay.java.

